what is the difference between the
keyword that you're bidding on in google
ads versus the search term which is what
somebody actually typed into google that
triggered your ad that's what we're
going to be talking about in this video
i'm going to walk you through my live
account and show you exactly the
difference between those two factors and
it's really important because it affects
the performance of your campaign so
let's dive right in
so here we are in a live google ad
account and what i'm looking at here is
i'm looking at my keywords so these are
the keywords
that i'm bidding on so this is at the
keyword level
and as mentioned there is a discrepancy
between the keyword that you're bidding
on
and the search term that people typed
into google that triggered your ad all
right so if we look at our keywords here
i am bidding on the single keyword
retargeting google retargeting with
different match types create retargeting
campaign okay so these are the keywords
that i'm bidding on but that doesn't
mean that people have to have typed
exactly and only this into google hence
the discrepancy between your keywords
and your search terms so to
understand what people are actually
typing into google which has triggered
your ad you have to go to the search
term report here
and this is the search term which is
what somebody went to google and typed
in so i've ranked my impressions here to
see where the volume of traffic is
coming from
and i can see that some people 88 people
in this particular time frame 88 people
typed in the single keyword retargeting
and obviously only one person clicked on
my ad all right 44 people typed in
retargeting ads 39 people typed in
google remarketing etc so really
this search term report is gold
information and you might find depending
on the match type of your keywords that
you're using here so you can see i'm
using phrase and broad depending on your
match type will really reflect
what search terms you show up for and we
have a different video which talks all
about the match different match types
which i'll put a link to in the
description so if you're unaware of the
different match types you definitely
need to be aware of that
so
scroll through your search term report
and this will give you ideas as to are
you showing up for the right kind of
traffic
if you're showing up for the wrong kind
of traffic maybe you need to add some
negative keywords
which will prevent your ads from showing
up for certain queries
and um
yeah so that is the discrepancy
between your
keywords and your search terms
you have it that's how easy it is to
find in your own account have a look in
your own account and see what search
terms you're showing up for and if you
like this video please hit the thumbs up
icon so that other people can also enjoy
this video thanks for watching